Snapper Chain

Read the problem statement below, then download the inputs when you're ready.
(you will have limited time to submit your answer)
Small input
10 points	
Download A-small.inMore options   â–¼
SubmitYou may try multiple times, with penalties for wrong submissions.Your submission was received. You can still resubmit for minutes.
Only your last submission counts.
temp
Large input
23 points	
More options   â–¼
SubmitYou must solve the small input first.
You will have 8 minutes to solve 1 input file. (Judged after contest.)Your submission was received. You can still resubmit for minutes.
Only your last submission counts.
temp


Problem (Original Description)

The Snapper is a clever little gadget that, on one side, plugs into a power socket and, on the other side, exposes a power socket for plugging in a light or other device.

When the Snapper is in the ON state and is receiving power from the input socket, then the connected device is receiving power as well. When you snap your fingers, the Snapper toggles between the ON and OFF states. Of course, snapping your fingers only has an effect if the Snapper is plugged in and is receiving power from the socket.

In hopes of destroying the universe by means of a singularity, I have purchased N Snapper devices and chained them together by plugging the first one into a power socket, the second one into the first one, and so on. The light is plugged into the Nth Snapper.

Initially, all the Snappers are in the OFF state, so only the first one is receiving power from the socket, and the light is off. I snap my fingers once, which toggles the first Snapper into the ON state and gives power to the second one. I snap my fingers again, which toggles both Snappers and then promptly cuts power off from the second one, leaving it in the ON state, but with no power. I snap my fingers the third time, which toggles the first Snapper again and gives power to the second one. Now both Snappers are in the ON state, and if my light is plugged into the second Snapper it will be on.

I keep doing this for hours. Will the light be on or off after I have snapped my fingers K times? The light is on if and only if it's receiving power from the Snapper it's plugged into.


Problem (Correction after 4:32:05)

The Snapper is a clever little device that, on one side, plugs its input plug into an output socket, and, on the other side, exposes an output socket for plugging in a light or other device.

When a Snapper is in the ON state and is receiving power from its input plug, then the device connected to its output socket is receiving power as well. When you snap your fingers -- making a clicking sound -- any Snapper receiving power at the time of the snap toggles between the ON and OFF states.

In hopes of destroying the universe by means of a singularity, I have purchased N Snapper devices and chained them together by plugging the first one into a power socket, the second one into the first one, and so on. The light is plugged into the Nth Snapper.

Initially, all the Snappers are in the OFF state, so only the first one is receiving power from the socket, and the light is off. I snap my fingers once, which toggles the first Snapper into the ON state and gives power to the second one. I snap my fingers again, which toggles both Snappers and then promptly cuts power off from the second one, leaving it in the ON state, but with no power. I snap my fingers the third time, which toggles the first Snapper again and gives power to the second one. Now both Snappers are in the ON state, and if my light is plugged into the second Snapper it will be on.

I keep doing this for hours. Will the light be on or off after I have snapped my fingers K times? The light is on if and only if it's receiving power from the Snapper it's plugged into. 


Input
The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T lines follow. Each one contains two integers, N and K.


Output
For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where x is the case number (starting from 1) and y is either "ON" or "OFF", indicating the state of the light bulb.


Limits

1 ² T ² 10,000.

Small dataset
1 ² N ² 10;
0 ² K ² 100;

Large dataset
1 ² N ² 30;
0 ² K ² 10^8;


Sample

Input
 
4
1 0
1 1
4 0
4 47

Output

Case #1: OFF
Case #2: ON
Case #3: OFF
Case #4: ON